Peering Policy
Support
Customer Login
Blog
支援
客户登入
English
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
MENU
Home
Servers
Bare Metal Server Plans
Managed Servers Plans
Colocation
Managed Colocation Plans
Colocation Facilities
Streaming
SHOUTcast
Windows Media
Partners
Resellers
Datacenter Services
Connectivity
Remote Hands
About
About EGI
Our Staff
Our Facilities
Newsletter Signup
Contact Us
Peering Policy
Settlement-Free Peering Policies
This document serves as a guideline for networks seeking Settlement-Free Interconnection, also known as Peering, with Energy Group Networks. All questions regarding this document, or requests for Peering, should be directed to peering@egihosting.com.
General Peering Requirements
1. Operations Requirements
1.1
Both parties shall maintain a fully staffed Network Operations Center that operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
1.2
Both parties shall provide an escalation path for resolving network issues in a timely fashion. Issues of a non-emergency technical nature should be responded to within 48 hours.
1.3
Both parties shall be responsive to unsolicited bulk email, hacking, Denial of Service, and other network security and abuse issues. A good faith effort should be made to provide a qualified network engineer to trace ongoing network attacks within a reasonable amount of time.
1.4
Both parties shall provide access to a route server, looking glass, or similar service for the purposes of routing audits, diagnostics, and troubleshooting.
1.5
Both parties shall work quickly and diligently to establish additional capacity to accommodate traffic growth.
2. Technical Requirements
2.1 Both parties shall maintain a fully redundant backbone network, in which the majority of the inter-hub circuits shall have a dedicated capacity of at least 10Gbps (OC-192/STM-64 or equivalent). Burstable circuits delivered over MPLS, ATM, or similar technology, must have a dedicated (not burstable) point-to-point capacity of at least 10Gbps on each circuit in order to qualify.
2.2
Both parties shall announce consistent routes across all interconnection points.
2.3
Both parties are expected to register their routes in a public Internet Routing Registry (IRR) database, for the purposes of filtering. Both parties shall make good faith efforts to keep this information up to date.
2.4
Both parties shall make every reasonable effort to restrict the transmission of Denial of Service attacks and packets with forged source addresses from their network.
2.5
Both parties shall announce only their own routes and the routes of their transit customers to the other party. No other routes are permitted, and may be filtered if detected.
2.6
Neither party shall establish a static route, a route of last resort, or otherwise send traffic to the other party for a route not announced via BGP. Neither party shall alter, sell, or give next-hops to a third party. These activities are considered theft of service, and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
2.7
Neither party shall announce to the other the more specific routes of prefixes learned via a third party transit customer.
3. General Policy
3.1
This policy may be updated from time to time, as market and traffic conditions affecting network interconnections change. Energy Group Networks reserves the right to modify this policy at any time.
3.2
In the event of a severe or quality-of-service impacting violation of these policies, the interconnection may be temporarily suspended without notice.
3.3
Any interconnection may be terminated for any reason, with 30 days notice.
3.4
All requirements must be met at the time the request for Peering is made, and must continue to be met for the duration of the interconnection.
3.5
Energy Group Networks reserves the right to accept or decline any interconnection request for any reason.
Peering Information
Global ASN	18779
IRR AS-SET	as-EnergyGroupNetworks
PeeringDB Record http://as18779.peeringdb.com/
Suggested Max Prefix	250
Contact Information
Network Operations (E-Mail) mailto:noc@egihosting.com
Network Operations (Phone)	+1 408-228-4448
Peering Adminstration (E-Mail) peering@egihosting.com
Signup for our NewsletterQuestions?问题？
© 2020
Energy Group Networks
|
Legal | AUP | Privacy Policy | Jobs
This website uses cookies for a personalized website experience. By using this website, you agree to the collection and processing of your personal data, in particular the storage of cookies from third party providers. Therefore your consent is assumed when you continue to use the website. See more under Privacy Policy.
I Agree