Criteo: Peering policy
summary
Current version: 20181031
Introduction
Anycast Network
Minimum requirements
Public peering interconnection (PPI)
Private Network Interconnection (PNI)
Technical Notes
Peering Request
Introduction
Founded in 2005, Criteo has grown to be a global technology company that enables e-commerce companies to leverage large volumes of data to efficiently and effectively engage and convert their customers.
Criteo is headquartered in Paris: we operate globally in 37 countries and have 15 offices worldwide.
Furthermore, we partner with over 4,000 clients and are in direct relationship with over 6,000 publishers..
Criteo is registered at:
ARIN authority for AS19750
RIPE authority for AS44788
APNIC authority for AS55569
LACNIC authority for AS53031
We are an American, European and Asian content provider. Criteo deploys and maintains a large-scale IP network in US, Europe and Asia.
Anycast Network
Criteo operates an Anycast network in Europe and in the USA.
For technical reasons, we will have to deaggregate full prefixes into several smaller prefixes. We will never announce lower than /24 network.
We know how important it is to try keeping prefixes as full aggregated as possible, but running an Anycast Network shall break this rule.
Minimum requirements
Criteo Corp (AS19750), Criteo SA (AS44788) and Criteo Asia (AS55569) have a selective peering policy. Applicants must meet each of the following pre-qualifications:
The candidate shall be a public or privately held company officially registered in its home country's trade and/or industry authority.
The candidate's network should justify a certain amount of traffic with AS19750 or AS44788 or AS55569 either originated from its own network (peer-as) or from the networks taking transit from it (origin-as). The minimum acceptable amount of traffic remains at the discretion of Criteo's network authority and will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
The candidate's Network Operation Centre (NOC) must be reachable either by e-mail or phone 24/7/365. Thus the candidate has to provide any operational contact to Criteo and advertise Criteo of any change in the contacts' details.
This policy is only a guideline. Meeting all requirements does not guarantee that Criteo will accept to peer with the Appliant.
Exceptions may also be granted at the sole discretion of Criteo.
Public Peering Interconnection (PPI)
Criteo is available at the following Internet eXchange points:
AS19750: PeeringDB US
AS44788: PeeringDB EU
AS55569: PeeringDB Asia
Private Network Interconnection (PNI)
Criteo also accepts to establish PNI with other networks when both Criteo's network and the candidate's network are co-located at the same housing facility or when both networks agree to share circuit's costs if they are not in the same facility, but in the same city. Physical media available to privately interconnect with Criteo are:
10GBase-LR Ethernet, single mode fibre
The housing facility where to establish the PNI shall be discussed directly with the candidate.
Technical notes
Upon establishing either a PPI or PNI, the candidate SHALL:
Advertise fully aggregated prefixes (or must to able to explain why prefixes are deaggregated).
Advertise at least prefixes for registered route (either at ARIN, RIPE or IRR) with candidate's network AS number as origin.
Advertise its transit customers either for the region(s) where is (are) the PPI(s) or PNI(s) established if agreed so or worldwide if not specified.
Accept all the prefixes sent by Criteo. Those prefixes are the registered routes object at the ARIN, RIPE NCC & APNIC databases originated by any AS number declared as member of the AS-CRITEO-USA, AS-CRITEO-EU or AS-CRITEO-APAC AS-Set.
Accept and route traffic sent by Criteo to the final destinations for each prefix advertised. No black-holing is allowed.
Have its routing policy filled at ARIN, RIPE or IRR.
In case of multiple PPI or PNI, send the traffic to the interconnection Criteo has chosen, or to the closest exit if not specified ("hot potatoes" routing).
The candidate shall NOT:
Set a default route to Criteo's network or set a route to Criteo's network to a destination not being a part of the prefixes advertised by Criteo.
Advertise or re-advertise prefixes originated from AS(es) the candidate's network learned from its own peerings.
Criteo MAY:
Shutdown the peering if invalid prefixes are advertised by the candidate's network to Criteo.
Shutdown the peering if packet-loss or abnormal round-trip time delays are observed.
Shutdown the peering in case of BGP session flap.
Shutdown the peering if the traffic amount is bellow the agreed level with the candidate upon PPI or PNI opening.
Ask the candidate to establish another PPI or PNI if the amount of traffic is superior to a certain level.
Shutdown the peering for a limited amount of time to perform maintenance or upgrades with its peering routers.
Send traffic to the candidate's network to the closest exit ("hot potatoes" routing).
Peering request
If the candidate meets the prerequisites stated early in this document or think Criteo should establish a PPI or PNI even if he does not, then please send your peering request by e-mail at:
If your peering policy requires Criteo to sign a peering agreement, please attach it to your peering request in order our legal department to be able to review it.