NOLA Broadband – Broadband Internet, VoIP, WISP, Fiber internet
Menu
(504) 208-5432
sales@nolabroadband.com
User LoginTwitter ProfileFacebook ProfileInstagram Profile HOME About Us
FAQs Coverage Areas
Our Services
Residential BUSINESS
Terms of Service Contact Privacy Policy Colocation Services Welcome to NOLA BroadbandWith a collective 45 years of IT experience, our team came together with the sole purpose of providing affordable, reliable, and fast internet service to those who need it. We are an independent and privately owned local business. We were born in NOLA and we’re proud to be working everyday to bring a new type of internet to the area.ResidentialWant internet at your house? Let us arrange that. Simple pricing, no contracts. BusinessDon’t let internet outage stop you from doing business. Use us as a backup connection or a primary. Special ProjectsHave a special project that needs Internet? We are up for the challenge.Telephone ServicesFrom standard phone service to complex phone systems, we will help you say, “Hello.”WHY US?LocalWe love New Orleans – but let’s face facts: there are times where this city struggles to keep up with you.  We deal with crumbling infrastructure, power outages, potholes, and boil water advisories on a regular basis. On top of that, we have become accustomed to the internet being “down.” Despite all of this, you still have work to do. NOLA Broadband does not use the same infrastructure as those big Internet Service Providers (ISPs), and because of that, we won’t experience the same outages (excluding Natural Disasters or a Mad Max-style societal crumbling). ReliableNOLA Broadband focuses on providing quality internet for home and businesses, with no cable or DSL needed, as well as a backup solution to existing providers (who often go “down” at the worst times). We believe that everyone deserves access to the same kind of reliable, fast internet service, no matter where they live.Our aim is to solve issues before they become incidents. Our 24/7 networking monitoring allows us to be proactive in handling problems before they affect your service. When was the last time Cox called you because your router went offline? That’s what we thought.FastDon’t let slow speed prevent your work or play.AffordableCheck out our simple pricing page. We believe we should earn your business each month. That is why we offer month-to-month pricing and no contracts.SecureWe own and host our entire network and it is ALWAYS growing. Check out our coverage map and see if you are eligible for service. Want to get us in your neighborhood? Drop us a line!Residential PlansBronze (Apts)$56.99monthly NOLA Broadband Serviced Apartments Only Stream Movies Stream Music Check Email Speeds up to* 25 Megabit Download 5 Megabit UploadIf you’re in an apartment building that is not serviced and is at least 3 stories tall, and willing to work with your landlord to get NOLA Broadband in your building, please reach out via our contact page and we will assist you. Sign UpSilver$79.99monthly Stream HD Movies Stream Music Check Email Online Gaming Speeds up to* 50 Megabit Download 7 Megabit Upload  Sign UpGold$124.99Monthly Stream HD Movies Stream Music Check Email Online Gaming Great for Uploading Great for Multiple Devices Speeds Up To* 100 Megabit Download 10 Megabit Upload  Sign UpPlatinum$174.99Monthly Stream UHD Movies Stream Music Check Email Online Gaming Great for Power Uploading Great for Multiple Devices Speeds Up To* 150 Megabit Download 20+ Megabit Upload  Sign Up Copyright 2020 - All Rights Reserved
HOME Our Services About Us FAQs Sign-up Terms of Service Privacy Policy Colocation Services
HOME About Us FAQs Coverage Areas
Our Services Residential BUSINESS
Terms of Service Contact Privacy Policy Colocation Services