Peering with Visa Inc. | Visa
Skip to content
Peering with Visa Inc.
Visa supports private and public peering via BGP AS2559 for the purpose of exchanging network traffic with our business partners.
Visa peers at the Internet Exchanges and peering facilities listed in PeeringDB. To request peering with Visa Inc., send an email to [email protected].
Peering Policy
Private Peering Interconnection Requirements
Routing Policy
Maximum Prefix
Peering Policy
Visa has a selective peering policy. Peers are selected based on reciprocal benefit, and are subject to certain technical, commercial and legal requirements. Visa’s technical requirements for peering are:
A fully redundant network with adequate capacity to exchange traffic without any congestion.
A responsive 24x7x365 Network Operations Center (NOC), capable of assisting in the resolution of:
Technical and performance issues.
Security concerns, violations, denial of service attacks, or any other abuse/anomaly originating from a peer.
Visa will accept Multi-Exit Discriminators (MEDs) values only when a mutual policy is established.
A publicly routable ASN.
A minimum of one publicly routable /24 network prefix.
A current and complete peeringdb.com entry.
No peers will advertise static routing, a route of last resort (default), or otherwise send traffic to the other party for a route not announced via BGP.
We support only IPv4 routes at this time.
BGP route advertisements & path selection values should be mutually agreed and, peers are expected to announce consistent routes in all locations where they peer with Visa Inc.
For the purpose of filtering, all parties are expected to register their routes in a public Internet Routing Registry (IRR) database. Both parties should make a good faith effort to keep this information up to date.
MD5 is preferred for public peering.
Optimized BGP timers are preferred for public peering.
Private Peering Interconnection Requirements
Private Interconnections should be over single-mode fiber using the appropriate 1 or 10 Gigabits per second optics.
Private peering connections should be upgraded if average bandwidth utilization exceeds 50%.
Interconnections in at least two geographically diverse locations.
Routing Policy
Peering sessions with Visa Inc. (AS2559) will advertise BGP selective routes relative to the business requirements. In some cases, we will advertise all AS2559 BGP routes based on the peering requirements. In most cases, we prefer a routing policy that establishes an optimal path between geographic peers via BGP path selection values.
Maximum Prefix
We suggest peers set an IPv4 max-prefix of 100 routes on BGP peering sessions.
go to page top
Close Modal