Our Network for Fast, Secure Data Delivery | Webair
Cloud Panel Login
Solutions
Managed Cloud Services
Virtual Private CloudHosted Private CloudVirtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI)
Disaster Recovery
Customized Disaster Recovery-as-a-ServiceDisaster Recovery for IBM
Cloud Backups
Offsite Backups-as-a-ServiceOffsite Backups with Veeam0365 Backups with Veeam
Storage
Cloud Storage
Industries
HealthcareGovernmentFinanceEnterprise
Colocation
New York Data CenterChicagoLos AngelesMontrealLondonParisAmsterdamSingapore
Resources
Resource LibraryBlog
About
Our NetworkAbout WebairNews & PressPartnersContact
Talk to a Data Management Expert
Our Network
Ensure fast and secure delivery of your data via Webair’s fully owned and operated, redundant network.
Webair knows that a fast, redundant and resilient network is central to the success of your mission-critical projects. That is why we have spent years developing an advanced fiber optic network that provides our customers with Tier 1 connectivity — that means the fewest hops, highest performance and lowest latency to meet their growing business needs. Integrating private connections to hybrid environments, connectivity to prominent network fabrics, peering relationships and partnerships with Tier 1 providers, Webair’s multi-homed, dedicated network ensures your data gets where it needs to be, securely and efficiently. Webair also has direct access to trans-Atlantic fiber landing points on Long Island and fiber which bypasses Manhattan – providing customers with some of the lowest-latency routes to Europe available in the U.S.
Get In Touch
New YorkLos AngelesAmsterdamMontreal
Key Features
Connectivity to Multiple Tier 1 Providers and Network Fabrics
Private, End-to-End Connections to Hybrid Environments
Multiple Points of Entry (POEs)
Access to Manhattan Bypass Fiber
Dark Fiber Ring to Major NY / NJ PoPs
On-Site Network Engineers for Architecture and Configuration Support
Dual 1/10Gbps Handoffs + BGP configurations
Ultimate Speed & Redundancy
By owning and operating our network and data centers, Webair has full control of data transmission from our customers to the Internet. With data centers in New York, Amsterdam, Montreal and Los Angeles, we offer multiple layers of redundancy as well as the ability to handle massive traffic growth for mission-critical projects. Should an outage occur, Webair has enough capacity at each data center to handle its full network load.
Leveraging strategic partnerships with leading Internet, network fabric, transit and peering providers, Webair guarantees high performance and a 99.9% network uptime SLA. Webair uses only fully redundant, enterprise-class routing equipment in our data centers, which is housed in secure core routing rooms and fed by its own redundant power supply. Our network is also protected against DDoS attacks.
Superior Connectivity
Building our network into some of the largest network access points in the world enables Webair to have private interconnections to virtually all major metro networks. With this level of connectivity, Webair can decrease latency and directly connect providers into our customers’ Cloud infrastructure or colocation.
Webair also boasts a redundant dark fiber ring to major carrier hotels and Internet exchanges located at:
111 Eighth Ave., New York, NY
60 Hudson St., New York, NY
32 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY
470 Vanderbilt Ave., Brooklyn, NY
501 Franklin Ave., Garden City, NY
165 Halsey St., Newark, NJ
Gyroscoopweg 2E & 2F and NIKHEF, Kruislaan 409, 1098 SJ, Amsterdam, NL
This allows customers to connect to over 1,000 networks located in these Points of Presence (PoPs) and enables us to bring additional network capacity online as needed. Webair lights its own dark fiber with both active and passive DWDM/CDWM equipment provided by Transmode and Cube Optics AG.
Private Connectivity to Hybrid Environments
Webair can provide private connectivity with end-to-end service assurance from customer premises to private cloud, SaaS, and hyperscale clouds such as AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, and more. We connect to customers’ existing network via private transport, MPLS, physical cross-connect, interconnection fabrics. Webair also manages connectivity, security and performance across customers’ hybrid environments.
Software-defined Networking (SDN) Platform Automation
Webair’s strategic partnerships with interconnection fabrics such as Megaport and PacketFabric enable customers to securely and privately consume third-party public cloud and data services, including AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, MSSP cybersecurity monitoring, as well as private voice. All of these services are delivered with the promise of low latency, and can be completely “air-gapped” from the internet and segmented from other tenants for maximum security.
Extensive Peering Capabilities
Webair’s peering arrangements with NYIIX; Telx TIE; AMS-IX; and DE-CIX allows us to exchange free network access with other network providers. Peering points reduce the number of networks that data must traverse to get to its destination and therefore improve Internet speed and reliability, while reducing cost and extending the reach of our network.
Tier 1 Carrier Relationships
Webair maintains direct, carrier-neutral connectivity to providers for primary transit, including Verizon, Level 3 Communications, GTT Communications and TeliaSonera; for transport, providers include Verizon Business; Verizon Core; Lightpath; Lightower Fiber Networks; AboveNet (now part of Zayo Group); XO Communications; and GigLinx. Most carriers are connected at more than one physical location using multiple 10 Gbps Ethernet links.
24×7 Monitoring and Support
Webair’s dedicated team of network experts monitor your routes, circuits and power round-the-clock to ensure your network is operating at peak performance. We provide on-site and remote support and work with you on all aspects of network architecture and configuration.
If you require Our Network,
call 1.888.315.9014 to speak to a sales representative today
Or Send Us A Message
Webair
501 Franklin Avenue, Suite 200 Garden City, NY 11530
1.866.932.2471
Certifications
Resources
Careers
Domains
Contact
Abuse Contact
Privacy
Managed IT Services NY
© 1996-2021 Webair. All rights reserved.
New York - Los Angeles - Chicago - Montreal - London - Paris - Amsterdam - Singapore
Sign In
Register
Sign in to Your Account
Login:
Password:
Forgot Password ?
Sign In
Click Here to manage your domains
Don’t Have an Account ?
Sign up now
Register a New Account
Email:
Sign Up
Resend Confirmation Email?
Forgot Password?
Please enter your Control Panel username, and a new password will be sent to the e-mail address associated with your account.
Username:
Forgot Username?
Well that’s a different story. Please call 1-866-WEBAIR-1 during normal business hours to reset your username over the phone.
Resend Confirmation Email
Email:
SUBMIT