Starry: Open Peering Information
Internet Service
Technology
Reviews
Get & Give
Support
Sign In
Get Starry Internet
Internet  Service
Technology
Reviews
Get & Give
Support
Sign In
Get Starry Internet
Menu
Open Peering Information
Starry engages in public and private peering with Border Gateway Protocol speakers in order to more efficiently exchange traffic. Starry has a generally open peering policy with certain operational, technical, and commercial requirements. Peers are selected based on latency performance, network capacity, and need.
General Requirements
Peers must have a publicly routable Autonomous System Number.
Peers must have a professionally managed Network Operations Center staffed 24x7x365, that will actively cooperate to resolve security incidents, denial of service attacks, and other operational issues.
Peers must register routes in an Internet Routing Registry database, and make good faith efforts to keep this information up to date. Starry will use this data to build BGP prefix lists.
Peers must never establish a route of last resort (i.e., a default route) directed to Starry.
Public Peering Requirements
Peers must have a minimum of 100 Mbps traffic exchanged in the dominant direction, measured in the 95th percentile for bilateral peering at an IX. For traffic less than 100 Mbps, interested peers should peer with IX route servers to exchange routes with Starry.
Peers must maintain sufficient capacity into the IX fabric to pass all traffic sent and received without queuing or loss.
Private Peering Requirements
All interconnection interfaces shall be at minimum of 10GE.
Private peering requires at least 2 Gbps of traffic exchanged in the dominant direction, measured in the 95th percentile.
For peering requests and any questions, please email peering@starry.com.
Happy Interneting®
Starry Internet
About Us
Reviews
Real Estate Partners
Starry Connect
Careers
Press
Legal
Blog
Support
Contact
My Account
Get News & Updates
We'll never share or spam your email.
© 2021 Starry, Inc.
Starry, the Starry logo, and Happy Interneting are registered trademarks of Starry, Inc.
Return Policy
Privacy Policy