Applied Operations | Peering
Go to . . .
Home
Company
Products
Clients
Contact
Pricing
Auditing
Hosting
Network
Servers
Monitoring
Facilities
SLA
AUP
Corporate Policy
Peering
This document serves as a guideline for Internet Service Providers seeking Settlement-Free Interconnection, also known as Peering, with Applied Operations. All questions regarding this document, or requests for Peering, should be directed to peering@appliedops.net.
1. Operations Requirements
1.1
Both parties shall maintain a fully staffed Network Operations Center that operates 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
1.2
Both parties shall provide an escalation path for resolving network issues in a timely fashion. Issues of a non-emergency technical nature should be responded to within 48 hours.
1.3
Both parties shall be responsive to unsolicited bulk email, hacking, Denial of Service, and other network security and abuse issues. A good faith effort should be made to provide a qualified network engineer to trace ongoing network attacks within a reasonable amount of time.
1.4
Both parties shall provide access to a route server, looking glass, or similar service for the purposes of routing audits, diagnostics, and troubleshooting.
1.5
Both parties shall work quickly and diligently to establish additional capacity to accommodate traffic growth.
1.6
The interconnection partner must not currently be or have been an IP transit customer of AppliedOps within the past twelve (12) months.
2. Technical Requirements
2.1
Both parties shall maintain a fully redundant backbone network, in which the majority of the inter-hub circuits shall have a dedicated capacity of at least 1Gbps (Gigabit Ethernet). "Virtual" backbone circuits delivered over MPLS or similar technology, must have a dedicated (not burstable) point-to-point capacity of at least 1Gbps on each circuit.
2.2
Both parties shall announce consistent routes across all interconnection points.
2.3
Both parties are expected to register their routes in a public Internet Routing Registry (IRR) database, for the purposes of filtering. Both parties shall make good faith efforts to keep this information up to date.
2.4
Both parties shall make every reasonable effort to restrict the transmission of Denial of Service attacks and packets with forged source addresses from their network.
2.5
Both parties shall announce only their own routes and the routes of their transit customers to the other party. No other routes are permitted, and may be filtered if detected.
2.6
Neither party shall establish a static route, a route of last resort, or otherwise send traffic to the other party for a route not announced via BGP. Neither party shall alter, sell, or give next-hops to a third party. These activities are considered theft of service, and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
2.7
Neither party shall announce to the other the more specific routes of prefixes learned via a third party transit customer.
3. General Policy
3.1
This policy may be updated from time to time, as market and traffic conditions affecting network interconnections change. AppliedOps reserves the right to modify this policy at any time.
3.2
In the event of a severe or quality-of-service impacting violation of these policies, the interconnection may be temporarily suspended without notice.
3.3
Any interconnection may be terminated for any reason, with 30 days notice.
3.4
All requirements must be met at the time the request for Peering is made, and must continue to be met for the duration of the interconnection.
3.5
AppliedOps reserves the right to accept or decline any interconnection request for any reason.
Peering Information
ASN
40475
IRR AS-SET
AS-APPLIEDOPS
Peering Information
http://www.appliedops.net/peering/
Approx Prefix Count
10
ANY2 IP
206.223.143.126
SIX/PAIX Seattle IP
198.32.180.137
NEW SIX/PAIX Seattle IP
206.81.80.137
Contact Information
Operations (E-Mail)
noc@appliedops.net
Operations Direct (Phone)
+1-415-323-5969
Peering Administration (E-Mail)
peering@appliedops.net
© 2019 Applied Operations, Inc.