Kansas City Internet eXchange General Policies
This document contains a set of common rules that all networks wishing to connect to the KCIX fabric must adhere to. Failure to comply with any provision of this agreement can result in immediate disconnection from the KCIX peering fabric without notice. By connecting to the KCIX peering fabric you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to all the terms contained within.
The terms contained within this document are subject to change. By connecting to the KCIX peering fabric you agree to all future revisions. Revisions will be published and members will be notified through the members mailing list 30 days in advance.
KCIX does not manage, coordinate or get involved in relationships between connected members and will not act as a third party in any agreement, mediation or dispute.
The KCIX Peering fabric may not be used in a manner that would disrupt anyone's business or infrastructure.
KCIX Administration personnel reserve the right to disconnect or otherwise disrupt service to a member under any of the following conditions:
Failure to follow any of the provisions of this agreement.
To perform scheduled or emergency maintenance.
Statutory obligation set forth by a regulating authority.
As part of a request related to an ongoing investigation, warrant or subpoena issued by a recognized law enforcement entity with jurisdiction in an area in which KCIX, LLC. operates.
Any unforeseen issue that would require KCIX to interrupt connectivity for the sake of its membership.
KCIX, LLC. (The Kansas City Internet eXchange) does not provide hosting, colocation, cross connects, loops or any other services outside of the peering fabric.
KCIX is not responsible for any losses incurred as a result of disruption in the continuity of the Peering fabric. The service is provided as is, without any warranties expressed or implied including merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Kansas City Internet eXchange Peering Requirements:
The peering candidate must be a registered entity in its local jurisdiction.
The peering candidate must provide KCIX with a 24 hour contact point.
Only BGPv4 is allowed as a routing protocol.
The Peering candidate must have a registered, Public ASN (Autonomous System Number) issued by a recognized routing registry. (ARIN, RIPE, APNIC, LACNIC, AfriNIC)
Single members are allowed to use multiple ASN's as long as they share a common contact point.
KCIX only accepts peering traffic from its members. Members may not transit charged peering traffic or use next-hop rewrites, default routes or static routes.
Peering parties are encouraged to aggregate routes where ever possible.
Only prefixes registered to the Member or for which the member has a signed LOA on file may be announced.
The minimum prefix announced should be /24 for IPv4 and /48 for IPv6.
Kansas City Internet eXchange Technical Requirements:
The only L2 frame types allowed are 0x0800, 0x86dd and 0x0806.
All L2/L3 protocols are forbidden with the exception of IP, NDP and ARP.
There is a limit of one MAC address per port. Shared cables are not permitted.
KCIX reserves the right to require bandwidth justification if deemed necessary.
Ethernet aggregation is available subject to KCIX approval.
The use of MD5 and/or BTSH to secure BGP sessions is recommended.