Looking Glass
Vocus Peering Policy
VOCUS is an Australian based provider of network services to wholesale and corporate customers across the Asia-Pacific region, as well as our wholly owned retail subsidiaries in Australia and New Zealand. We have a selective peering policy to ensure that peering is of mutual benefit to both parties.
Interconnection Requirements;
Geographic Scope.
The Requester must meet VOCUS at a minimum of 3 mutually-agreed, geographically diverse points across the Asia Pacific region. The interconnection points must include at least Sydney and Melbourne plus one of Adelaide, Perth, Auckland or Singapore.
Infrastructure Requirements.
The Requester shall maintain a fully redundant backbone network, in which most inter-hub links have a capacity of at least 10Gb.
Traffic Exchange Volume.
The aggregate volume of traffic exchanged in each direction over all interconnect links between the Requester and VOCUS shall equal or exceed 1Gbps, as measured on a 95th Percentile (95P) basis over a 7-day period.
Traffic Exchange Balance.
The ratio of the aggregate amount of traffic exchanged between the Requester and VOCUS shall be roughly balanced and shall not exceed 2:1.
Operational Requirements;
Each Network shall operate a fully staffed Network Operations Center that is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, regardless of holidays or other special events.
Each Network shall provide Network Abuse point(s) of contact responsible for tracking SPAM, hacking, Denial of Service and other network security and abuse issues, providing a knowledgeable technician within a two-hour period after notice.
Each Network is expected to have network security measures in place to thwart Denial of Service attacks.
Each Network must operate a fully redundant network, capable of handling a simultaneous single-node outage in each network without significantly affecting the performance of the traffic being exchanged.
Neither party shall establish a static route, a route of last resort, or otherwise send traffic to the other party for a route not announced via BGP. Neither party shall alter, sell, or otherwise provide next-hops to a third party. Such offenses shall be seen as a major violation of the policy, subject to immediate termination of the agreement.
The Requester must maintain a PeeringDB record containing up-to-date contacts and technical specifications.
The Requester must maintain an Internet Routing Registry AS-MACRO, providing accurate information on the prefixes which may be announced.
VOCUS will not enter into a settlement-free peering relationship with current IP transit customers (or their downstream customers), or organizations that have purchased IP transit services from VOCUS or it's subsidiaries in the past 12 months.
The peering policy is only a guideline. Meeting or exceeding all of the above requirements does not guarantee VOCUS will enter into a peering relationship with Interconnection Candidate. Existing peering arrangement will have their status reviewed periodically to ensure capacity is sufficient for growth, contacts are refreshed for operations purposes, and all criteria continue to be met.
Disclaimer
Meeting the general qualifications is not a guarantee that a peering relationship with VOCUS will be established. VOCUS will evaluate several business factors and reserves the right not to enter into a peering agreement with an otherwise qualified applicant, and additionally reserves the right to waive any of the qualifications set forth above.
VOCUS reserves the right to terminate peering, with established peers who do not meet the criteria described above.
Periodic review of the policies contained here will be conducted to ensure that the criteria and eligibility requirements are consistent with VOCUS' business needs. VOCUS may modify this peering policy at any time.
Please email questions or comments to Vocus NOC