Network Peering-RAKsmart Worldwide Service Center, Provide 1 Stop Service
CONTACT US
CALL
EMAIL
CHAT
CANCEL
Bare Metal Cloud
Bare Metal Cloud
Bandwidth Intensive Servers
Customized Servers
Managed Colo
Managed Colocation
One-Stop Solutions
Multi-Cloud Service
VPS
Private Cloud
Multi-Cloud Connectivity
Solutions
IP Transit
Reseller
Affiliates
Company
News
Join Us
Knowledge Base
Agreements
About Us
Contact Us
English
English
中文
login
register
PEG TECH Network Interconnection
Policy and Requirements
PEG Tech is a global Internet Service Provider (ISP) with POP (point of presence) locations in Equinix San Jose / Bay Area Exchange and Any2 Exchange Northern California. PEG peers with other Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Content Networks with IPv4、IPv6 connectivity on Autonomous System (AS) 54600 for the purpose of exchanging traffic between these networks.
Selective Peering Policy
PEG Tech has a selective but generally open peering policy - peers are selected based upon performance, capability, and where traffic needs to be delivered. Peers are subject to certain operational, technical, and legal requirements.
Operational Requirements
To maintain optimum service levels for our customers and their clientele, peers shall meet the following set of requirements:
Exchange traffic with PEG at all available Internet Exchange Points(IXPs) that are shared in common for optimal traffic distribution and redundancy.
Maintain congestion free interconnection with PEG Tech. PEG and peers must work quickly and diligently to augment capacity between networks or to the relevant IXP, as needed.
Must maintain a Network Operations Center capable of responding operational problems and security incidents 24 hours per day, 7 days per week.
Be responsive to activities considered malicious and/or detrimental to the Internet as a whole, its own network, and to its customers, including but not limited to, sending unsolicited bulk email, hacking, and denial of service. PEG expects peers to provide a qualified engineer to help trace and mitigate attacks in a reasonable amount of time.
Provide an escalation path for resolving operational problems and/or security incidents in a timely fashion. Meet all requirements at the time the peering request is made, and must continue to be met for the duration of the peering session.
Technical Requirements
The following best practice apply to peering with PEG Tech:
A public Autonomous System (AS) number assigned by a Regional Internet Registry (RIR). Without this, the network does not have a unique "identity" on the Internet to route traffic.
Advertise only prefixes with a mask shorter than /24 for IPv4.
Announce a consistent set of prefixes to PEG Tech at all points of interconnection, unless otherwise agreed upon.
Only send traffic destined for prefixes announced by PEG Tech including all other AS number within Peg Tech prefix set.
Not point a default route at PEG or use static routes to send traffic to our AS.
Set default maximum prefixes per ipv4 session to 1000 prefixes, ipv6 session to 150 prefixes. This can be increased with traffic volume growth.
Register their prefixes with appropriate IPv4/v6 objects at an appropriate IRR Database, and maintain a full and accurate PeeringDB listing. PEG will use this data to build BGP prefix lists.
Network traffic volumes: Peering policies may stipulate that the potential peer not exceed an aggregate traffic ratio in a specific direction, for example, the aggregate outbound traffic on the peering links must be no more than twice the volume of aggregate inbound traffic exchanges.
Important Notices
To ensure quality of service, PEG Tech reserves the following rights under its Peering Policy and Requirements:
To alter our peering policy and peering requirements at any time.
To accept or decline a peering request at any time for any reason.To terminate any peering connection at any time without notice.
To suspend, without notice, peering connectivity in the event of a severe quality of service issue such as high latency, packet loss, or jitter pattern is detected and to take appropriate traffic engineering steps to maintain service quality.
To selectively withdraw prefixes from public IXP fabrics as needed to protect service quality.
Additionally:
By advertising prefixes to PEG Tech, a peer will expressly waive any right to compensation for accepting / delivering traffic originated from PEG Tech’s ASN.
Peers with significant traffic with the PEG Tech will be considered for bilateral sessions via IXPs or private (cross-connect) peering.
PEG Tech customers interested in a peering connection for origin transit offload should send an email to sales@raksmart.com for more information.
General Peering Information
ASN
AS54600
AS-Macro
AS-PEGTECHCUSTOMERS
Peening Information
http://www.peeringdb.com/net/14787
Peening Policy
Open
General Peering Information
Peening Policy Contact
peering@petaexpress.com
Peening Operations Contact
noc@petaexpress.com
Peening DB
http://www.peeringdb.com/net/14787
Postal Address
PEG Tech55 South Market Street,Suite 320San Jose,CA 95113USA
Products
Bart Metal Cloud
Bandwidth Intensive Servers
Customized Serves
Servers
Managed Colocation
One-Stop Solutions
Cloud Integration
VPS
Private Cloud
Multi-Cloud Connectivity
Solutions
IP Transit
<!--				<a class="c1" href="/home_en/ddos/index.html">DDOS Mitigation
--!>				Network Peering
Global Network
SD-WAN
Partner Programs
Reseller
Affiliates
Company
News
Join Us
Knowledge Base
Agreements
Contact Us