Settlement-Free AS Interconnection Policy (AS5645)
--------------------------------------------------

We place a special emphasis on ensuring in-country interconnection for Canada-to-Canada traffic, and are present at all major Canadian and certain international peering points: please see PeeringDB for the current list.

[ROUTING]

1. VOLUME: For "international" peerings, the peer's peak AS-wide in or outbound traffic must exceed 10 Mbps.

International peerings are those occurring (a) exclusively through one or more interconnects outside Canada, or (b) within Canada, if the peer AS is mostly located outside Canada and cannot provide geographically diverse peering within Canada.

2. COMMON POINTS: Peering shall occur at all common public exchanges.

3. GLOBALLY CONSISTENT: Peers must maintain consistent route announcements at all interconnections.

4. IPv4-IPv6: Peering shall occur over IPv4 and IPv6 wherever both are available.

5. PEERING ISN'T TRANSIT: Peers may only send us traffic destined for the prefixes we announce to them.  They must not point default at us, establish a static route, reset next-hop, sell or give the next hop to third parties, or otherwise use a peering session for traffic whose origin or destination is a third-party AS.

[OPERATIONS]

6. NOC: Peers must operate a Network Operations Centre that is staffed and reachable 24/7, and has a timely escalation path to a clueful engineer.

7. CONTACTS: Peers must be listed and maintain updated contact information on PeeringDB.

8. SECURITY: Peers must work, and cooperate, to timely restrict denial of service attacks, unsolicited bulk email, damaged peering, and other network issues.

[TERMS]

9. PEERS AREN'T CUSTOMERS: Networks that have been, or have been downstream from, a TekSavvy transit customer within the preceding six months, are not eligible for peering.

10. CASE-BY-CASE: This policy sets out TekSavvy's policy for settlement-free AS interconnection. It is not a guarantee, and other factors could come into play -- TekSavvy reserves the right to peer with anyone we choose.

11. MAY CHANGE: Market and traffic conditions change. So does our business. TekSavvy may modify this policy at any time.