Microsoft Peering
This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more
PeeringMenuSearch
Peering
Peering is the direct interconnection between Microsoft’s network (AS8075) and
another network for the purpose of exchanging traffic between these networks.
Microsoft peers at the Internet Exchanges and peering facilities listed in PeeringDB.
Process to setup a peering
We have a new process to setup peering with Microsoft. To get started, please visit the documentation.
To request a Public Peering (i.e., Exchange Peering), follow the instructions in Create or modify an Exchange Peering using Portal
To request a PNI Peering (i.e., Direct Peering), follow the instructions in Create or modify a Direct Peering using Portal
Your experience is important to us. Please share your feedback or questions to improve our services and better meet your needs.
Peering Policy
Microsoft has a selective, but generally open peering policy - peers are selected
based upon performance, capability, and where there is mutual benefit, and are
subject to certain technical, commercial and legal requirements. Microsoft's general
technical requirements for peering are:
A fully redundant network with sufficient capacity to exchange traffic without
congestion.
A knowledgeable and fully staffed 24x7x365 Network Operations Center (NOC),
capable of assisting in the resolution of:
All technical and performance issues.
All security violations, denial of service attacks, or any other abuse
originating within the peer or their customers.
Microsoft will overwrite received Multi-Exit Discriminators (MEDs) by default.
Acceptance of MEDs will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
A publicly routable ASN.
At least one publicly routable /24.
Current and complete peeringdb.com entry including a 24x7 NOC email role account
and phone number.
Neither party shall establish a static route, a route of last resort, or
otherwise send traffic to the other party for a route not announced via BGP.
Both IPv4 and IPv6 are supported and Microsoft prefers to establish sessions of
both types in each peering location.
Unless specifically agreed upon beforehand, peers are expected to announce
consistent routes in all locations where they peer with Microsoft.
Microsoft prefers to receive BGP community-tags from peers to indicate route
origination. Both parties are expected to register their routes in a public
Internet Routing Registry (IRR) database, for the purpose of filtering. Both
parties shall make good faith efforts to keep this information up to date.
MD5 is not required, nor recommended.
All parties peering with Microsoft agree not to accept routes from AS12076
(Express Route) under any circumstances, and should filter out AS12076 on all
peers.
Additional Requirements for Private Interconnections
Interconnection must be over single-mode fiber using the appropriate 10Gbps or
100Gbps optics.
Peers are expected to upgrade their ports when peak utilization exceeds 50% and
maintain diverse capacity in each metro, either within a single location or
across several locations in a metro.
Microsoft will only establish private interconnection points with ISP or Network
Service providers.
North America and Europe
At least 2Gbps of traffic.
Interconnect in at least three geographically diverse locations if feasible and
maintain diverse capacity to allow traffic to failover within each metro.
LATAM
Interconnect in as many diverse locations as possible within country/continent.
Must maintain sufficient diverse capacity to ensure traffic remains in region.
Peers may see a regional subset of Microsoft routes.
APAC
At least 500Mbps of traffic.
Interconnect in as many diverse locations as possible within country/region.
Must maintain sufficient diverse capacity to ensure traffic remains in region.
Peers may see a regional subset of Microsoft routes.
Africa & Middle East
Interconnect in as many diverse locations as possible.
Must maintain sufficient diverse capacity to ensure traffic remains in region.
Peers may see a regional subset of Microsoft routes.
Routing Policy
In general, peering sessions with AS8075 will advertise all AS-MICROSOFT routes.
AS8075 interconnects in Africa, LATAM, Middle East and Asia may be limited to routes
relevant to the respective region.
Traffic Management
Where possible, Microsoft prefers to carry traffic on its network to interconnection
points as close to users as possible. Microsoft recommends that peers advertise all
of their prefixes over all peering sessions, unless other route advertisement
policies have been agreed upon.
Maximum Prefix
We suggest peers set a max-prefix of 5000 (IPv4) and 500 (IPv6) routes on peering
sessions with Microsoft.
Related ASNs
Microsoft also manages the following ASNs: AS8068, AS8069, AS12076. For a complete
list of ASNs with AS8075 peering reference AS-SET MICROSOFT.
Contact us
Privacy & cookies
Terms of use
Trademarks
About our ads
© 2021 Microsoft
Created by Edge SRE (edgere@microsoft.com)